object detection examples notebook (#51)
cleanlab/examples: object_detection/requirements.txt

numpy==1.22.0
detectron2==0.6
torch==1.110+cu113
pandas==1.5.0

> # Note: these examples only work with developer of cleanlab until v2.4 is released 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Note: for now, these examples only work with the developer version of cleanlab: `pip install git+https://github.com/cleanlab/cleanlab.git`
```
